Update running-on-kubernetes-standalone.asciidoc (#521)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/running-on-kubernetes-standalone.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
=== Run {agent} on Kubernetes

Use {agent} https://www.docker.elastic.co/r/beats/elastic-agent[Docker images] on Kubernetes to
retrieve cluster metrics.

ifeval::["{release-state}"=="unreleased"]

A Docker image is not currently available for this version, as version {version} of {agent} has not yet been released.

endif::[]

[float]
==== Kubernetes deploy manifests

Deploy {agent} in two different ways at the same time:

* As a https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/[DaemonSet]
to ensure that there's a running instance on each node of the cluster. These

> instances are used to retrieve metrics from the host, such as system
> metrics, Docker stats, and metrics from all the services running on

Reviewer: This changes the meaning too much. Not all metrics are collected from the hosts, and it is appropriate to say running on top of Kubernetes vs running on Kubernetes

```suggestion
instances are used to retrieve most metrics from the host, such as system
metrics, Docker stats, and metrics from all the services running on top of
```

[float]
===== Running {agent} on master nodes

Kubernetes master nodes use https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/[taints]
to limit the workloads that can run on them. The manifest for standalone {agent} defines
tolerations to run on master nodes, which collects metrics from the control plane

> components of Kuberentes (scheduler, controller manager).

Author: I want to make sure this is rephrased correctly!

Reviewer: Looks good

[float]

> ==== Autodiscover targeted Pods

Author: Same question as the previous article, but should autodiscover be hyphenated?

Reviewer 2: No need to hyphenate.

> Ddefine the autodiscover conditions to allow {agent} to automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define autodiscover conditions to allow {agent} to automatically
```
